OTLP push controller example (#113)
autometrics-dev/autometrics-rs: examples/opentelemetry-push/README.md

# Autometrics + OTLP push controller

> This example demonstrates how you can push autometrics via OTLP gRPC protocol to an OTEL-Collector or another compatible solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how you can push autometrics via OTLP gRPC protocol to the [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/) or another OTel-compatible solution.
```

## Running the example

### Start a basic OTEL-Collector

> You can use the [`otel-collector-config.yml`](./otel-collector-config.yml) file to start an otel-collector container that listen on 0.0.0.0:4317 for incoming otlp-gRPC traffic, and export received metrics to standard output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [`otel-collector-config.yml`](./otel-collector-config.yml) file to start an otel-collector container that listens on 0.0.0.0:4317 for incoming otlp-gRPC traffic, and exports the metrics it receives to stdout.
```
